[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
CRASH COURSE
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, Odd oughta be here already.
We were supposed to play foosball!
You know Odd, something probably
came up at the last second.
I'll bet he's afraid to show up.
If I know Odd, he's hiding somewhere
'cause he knows I'll beat him.
[gasps]
If you ask me,
it just might be that redhead with braids.
[both giggling]
Well, what do you know!
Our ladies' man is at it again!
[laughter and indistinct chatter]
[slurping]
[yawning]
You know life isn't bad at all!
I didn't know you split up
with Melanie, Odd.
Who's she?
Oh, yeah… Melanie, right. Well…
She wasn't very…
She was a little too…
Well, actually a lot more… Well…
You see what I mean?
No.
What I see Odd,
is that you collect girlfriends
the way other people collect stamps!
Hey, I tell you it's for real this time.
Believe me,
Camille, she's it, she's the one.
She's so funny, sensitive,
and really cool too!
Yeah,
just like all the girls you fall for.
-[Ulrich slurps]
-Maybe, but Camille has something special
the others don't.
Well… She's crazy about dogs!
-[all laughing]
-[Odd] What's so funny?
And that makes all the difference
in the world?
Yeah! And this afternoon, we're going
to the movies together.
To see what?
Wheelchair Zombie Four,
or Snorkeling Combat Two?
No way! Those days are over!
We're going to see something real
romantic and intellectual.
-The picture is called Petals of Desire!
-[all laughing]
The problem with you, is that you have
no sense of romance and no intellect.
Speaking of intellect…
Anyone seen Jeremy?
He went back to his room.
I think he's got a few big problems.
The only problem I have
is our friend XANA.
You remember the last few times
he attacked?
Which time? The one with the trees
or at the swimming pool?
Odd! We agreed not to bring up that day
at the pool, right?
Why?
What happened at the swimming pool, huh?
-Uh… Nothing.
-[grunts] Nothing at all!
Whatever! I meant all of the attacks
that XANA has launched recently, okay?
Haven't you noticed
what the target has been?
Well, yeah, us.
Yes, but especially Aelita and me,
and it just so happens
that we're the only ones who can use
the Supercomputer.
Come on, we've all done it.
Following our instructions on the phone.
But, what would happen if Aelita and I
weren't around to give you guys any help.
XANA wins hands down.
[Jeremy] Which is why I'm giving
all of you a crash course on using
the Supercomputer this afternoon.
What? No way. Count me out.
I'm going to the movies.
And I've got a test to study for.
And I've got Pentchak Silat practice.
If you guys think you have better things
to do, I can't force you to come.
But then don't expect us
to gain ground on XANA.
You're right, but you know,
some days it isn't easy being heroes.
Then listen. We'll meet up
at the computer lab after lunch,
and if you pick it up quickly,
it'll be over in a couple of hours. OK?
OK.
[tense music]
Uh… Jeremy,
I… I can't make it this afternoon.
-[computer beeping]
-[gasps] Why not?
I've got my audition with the Subdigitals.
You know, for the concert.
Today is the final round of tryouts.
But, that's impossible! What if something
happens to me while you're gone?
That's no problem.
While you're teaching everyone
how to run the Supercomputer,
I'll keep my phone on. If XANA attacks,
I'll be back in no time.
OK. Maybe you're right. I worry too much.
Go ahead, I can manage without you.
Thanks, Jeremy.
[sighs]
-So much for my training session. Great.
-What about me?
I'm going to flunk another exam for sure.
That's nothing.
You think you've got it bad, huh?
How am I gonna tell Camille
that Petals of Desire is out for today?
Think about it, Odd. You're better off.
You don't have to pay all that money
to sleep through two hours of a film.
[Odd] It's a lot better
than sleeping through a class
given by our friend, Einstein.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Okay, to start off, we're going
to go through a little bit of theory.
I've printed you up a small list
of basic functions to prepare you--
Hey, wait a minute, Einstein.
Wouldn't it be easier if we just went
straight to the practical side?
You tell us what button to push
and basta, huh?
Odd, working the Supercomputer isn't like
fooling around on a game console.
Before I can trust you with the controls,
I want to be sure you know
this thing inside out.
[all sigh]
Will you all relax?
You'll see, guys, the theoretical stuff
is actually a lot of fun.
Right. It's gonna be a million laughs.
[engines running]
[Aelita] Eyes on the prize, Aelita.
[upbeat music]
Aelita, hello!
I'm glad that you could make it.
Let me introduce everyone.
You already know Nick and Benoit,
my partners.
Sophie, who holds the purse strings.
Hello Aelita.
[Chris] And that big bear in his cage
is Simon, our sound engineer.
[through speaker]
And this is Mehdi and Lise,
who are the other contestants
for this final audition.
Hi.
[Jeremy]
And so, if we export the virtual memory
from the B block into the inertial matrix,
-you can reconfigure the transfer files.
-[Odd snoring]
This will let you delay the alignment
of the quantum two beats.
I'm sure you see where I'm going
with this? Any questions?
Yeah, I've got one.
How do you expect us to remember
all of this blah blah junk?
If you guys were a little more attentive,
you'd have been able to understand it.
Ulrich's right, Jeremy.
Stop trying to teach us
everything you know.
Just show us how to do
some practical stuff,
like materializing us on Lyoko,
or programming up the vehicles.
Okay, fine. I guess we may as well get
to the practical end.
Are we there yet?
[electronic music playing]
[music stops]
[through speaker] Okay, Mehdi, nice one.
[mechanical whirring]
[electronic upbeat music]
Make sure you hit the right button.
I'm ready, Ulrich.
[Odd through speaker]
But I don't want to end up there
with four arms and three legs.
Okay… Tran… Transfer Odd…
Is that right?
[nods in agreement]
[Ulrich] Transfer Odd.
[digital whirring]
[Ulrich through speaker] Scanner Odd.
[computer blipping]
And virtualization.
[buzzing]
[Odd through computer]
You turned me into a garden gnome!
Oh, no.
Relax, just kidding.
Everything's cool here.
[sighs]
Not so bad for a beginner?
Yeah, not bad.
You were confused there for a second
and almost hit the wrong button,
-Mr. I-don't-need-any-theory.
-[sighs] You're never satisfied.
Did get him on to Lyoko, yes or no?
Yes, because I was here with you,
and you weren't even under the stress
of a XANA attack.
[Ulrich grunts]
-[tense music]
-Give me my seat back!
[alarm beeping]
Activated tower, Mountain Sector.
Head for the scanners. Hurry up!
[Yumi and Ulrich gasp]
[sinister music]
[Ulrich] Huh?
[grunts]
[Ulrich] Leave him to me.
[grunts and screams]
[electricity crackles]
-Hey!
-[Yumi gasps]
-[gasps] Jeremy!
-No!
[gasps] Jeremy!
Yah!
[gasps]
[Yumi] He disappeared!
Well, take our breath away, Aelita.
It's all yours.
[electronic music starts playing]
[both gasp]
He's still breathing,
but he took a lot of volts.
[Odd through computer]
Hey, guys,
remember me?
Odd, I think we're in a big jam.
XANA sicced a polymorphic spectre on us,
and Einstein's out cold.
[Odd] It's a good thing he just showed us
how to work the Supercomputer.
Oh, yeah, you're right… It's up to us!
Anyone have any idea what to do now?
Yes, call Aelita.
-[electronic music playing]
-[mobile ringing]
No answer. I'll send her a text message.
[Odd through computer] Okay, we'll just
have to improvise. What do I do?
Uh… For openers Odd,
try and get to the Mountain Sector.
Yumi, shouldn't we bring Odd back to Earth
while we try to get into contact
with Aelita?
Okay. You know how to rematerialize him?
[Ulrich] No, do you?
No sense arguing, guys.
I'd rather stay here and fight.
Just tell me where I can find a Way Tower.
Let's see… A Way Tower… Oh, I know.
To find a Way Tower,
you have to bring up a radar window
with these two keys.
[digital whirring]
[Odd through computer]
Hey, what are you doing? Get it right!
-[Yumi gasps]
-Stop it! Hurry up!
[Odd through computer]
Thanks. Well then, Plan B.
Try to bring up my overboard.
Maybe I can find that stupid Way Tower
on my own from the air.
[Ulrich] Okay…
Overboard… Overboard, darn it.
Einstein's notes are all over the place.
[Yumi] I think it's this one here.
Well, take your time, OK,
'cause I've got nothing better to do.
[Odd through computer] Speaking of which,
any sign of 'Spectre Gadget?
Yeah, how come he disappeared like that?
-Guess he had another date.
-[gasps] Aelita!
The spectre must have gone after her!
We have to warn her right away.
See you later.
Hold on. You're not going
to leave me alone like this!
You're doing great Ulrich.
Just keep it up.
[mechanical whirring]
[groans]
[theme music]
[panting]
[action music]
I don't believe it.
Where is this Way Tower?
[Ulrich] I don't know, but Odd,
you've got some "thingamajigss"
heading your way.
Huh? You're making progress Ulrich,
but those "thingamajigss" are Bloks,
and they don't look too friendly.
[lasers blasting]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[Odd screams]
I don't believe it. I missed them all.
[lasers blasting]
Okay you monsters, cool it!
Ouch!
-[engines running]
-[footsteps]
[tense music]
Well, I guess that's it then.
[Chris] Okay, thanks a lot to all three
of you for that great stuff.
[through speaker] Just give us
a few seconds to talk it over,
and I'll let you know our decision.
-[phone beeps]
-Oh, no.
Aelita has got to be our choice.
Oh yeah, no doubt about that.
[all nod in agreement]
[panting]
Hey, where's my ride?
Are you sending it over or not?
[Ulrich] I'm working on it.
Let's see… I…
Oh, there it is. I got it.
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd] Try to work faster!
[screams]
Laser arrow!
[explosion]
[Odd pants]
[Ulrich] Materialization overboard!
[Odd] Ulrich,
you just sent me the overbike.
[sighs] Sorry, Odd.
I can't send you anything else.
Well, it's better than nothing.
But there's another problem.
You were supposed to send it to me.
Not to them! Dummy!
Well, I guess it's up to me
to "unblock" the situation.
[pants]
Yahoo!
[grunts]
Time to saddle up.
[engine running]
Yee-hah!
Well Mehdi, Lise,
I'm really sorry guys, but…
But where's Aelita?
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Aelita panting]
[tense music]
[panting and gasping]
No!
[gasps]
[grunting]
[panting and groaning]
-[Yumi screams]
-[spectre grunts]
[car honks]
[Aelita and Yumi panting and gasping]
-[Yumi] Let's move it.
-[Aelita pants]
[spluttering]
Are you okay?
Nothing broken?
Everything cool?
[driver grunts] Hey, that's not cool!
[screams]
[man] Hey, are you OK?
[screeching tires]
[theme music]
Hey Ulrich, where is this Way Tower?
Sorry Odd. I'm afraid to push
some of these buttons.
[Odd through speaker] Well, you'd better.
I'm starting to rust over here.
[computer blipping]
[gasps]
What's that number doing here?
[computer blipping]
[Ulrich] Great, Yumi, just in time.
[through the phone] I've got some sort
of countdown window up here.
Hang on. I've got the expert with me.
Here…
Ulrich, it's Aelita.
Is there anything written
above the window?
[spluttering]
Yeah, it says "big fat cheese head."
What does that mean?
It's a code.
You've started a delayed virtualization,
directly into the Mountain Sector.
[Yumi through phone]
Ulrich, has Odd found the Way Tower?
No, but I just got a mega idea.
[mechanical whirring]
Ulrich? Ulrich!
Big fat cheese head?
[spluttering] It's a… It's a private joke
between Jeremy and me.
[both gasp]
[screeching tires]
-[Aelita] Yumi…
-That way!
[both panting]
[car speeding up and braking]
[computer beeping]
[digital whirring]
[computer blipping]
[grunts]
[pants]
[Aelita and Yumi panting]
-[screeching tires]
-[both panting]
[tense music]
-[both scream]
-[car brakes abruptly]
This ice floe sure is deserted.
Nothing to lose.
Let's try that tower.
[electronic music]
[screeching tire]
I can't believe it!
I'm still stuck in the Ice Sector.
[tense music]
[digital whirring]
Ulrich just virtualized himself
into the Mountain Sector!
[gasps]
Odd!
[through speaker]
That Way Tower is just a little further,
bearing northwest from your position.
We'll meet you
in the Mountain Sector. Move it!
Well, better late than never.
[engine powers up]
Your turn now, Yumi.
[Aelita] Virtualize me.
[pants]
[electronic tense music]
-[grunts]
-Oh-oh.
Bingo.
[Yumi] Transfer Aelita.
Scanner
Aelita.
[digital whirring]
[Yumi through speaker] Virtualization.
I did it!
[pants]
-Yoo hoo, guess who?
-[gasps and grunts]
-[screams] What's on the menu?
-Usual stuff.
A whole seafood platter over there,
and William's the lemon.
Yeah!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Yahoo!
You sure took your time.
[Odd] Yeah, but at least I got here,
and no thanks to you.
If you knew how many towers
I've been through,
before hitting the right one.
[Aelita] We're going to need
more vehicles, Yumi.
[Aelita through speaker]
Do you read me, Yumi?
[screams and grunts]
-[Aelita through speaker] Yumi, answer us!
-[groans]
-[Odd] Transmission problems?
-No,
I think it's worse.
I'm pretty sure that the spectre's
in the computer lab.
Okay, I'll go. Shoot me, Odd.
No, I should be the one.
I've already lost a lot of life points,
and you've still got all of yours.
You'd be more useful here.
What's more, that's exactly what we did
during the swimming pool attack.
I don't ever want to hear about
the swimming pool again!
-[Odd yells]
-[Ulrich] That will teach, huh?
Saddle up, princess.
Okay.
[groans]
[theme music]
[Aelita] This is gonna be a close one.
[blade whizzes]
[grunting]
[groaning]
-[spectre screams]
-[electricity crackles]
[action music]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita gasps]
[lasers blasting]
Right now!
[swords whiz]
[Ulrich screams and grunts]
[Ulrich screams]
[explosion]
[Odd] Yumi, are you OK?
I… I didn't realize you were back.
Neither did he, but he sure knows now.
We've got no time to lose.
He could re-form again any second.
-[Odd] Ok, don't move!
-You think you can virtualize me, Odd?
Relax. I'm a computer whiz. You know that.
[Yumi stammers]
Not.
[grunts]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[William] Super smoke.
[Aelita screams]
[William grunting]
[energy buzzing]
[Ulrich groans and screams]
[Ulrich panting]
[Aelita screams]
-[growling]
-Aelita!
-[laughing]
-[Aelita groaning]
[sinister music]
[gasps]
-[laser blasting]
-[Ulrich gasps] Super sprint.
[growls]
[Ulrich gasps and groans]
[grunts]
What's this, William?
Another girl catch your eye?
[grunts]
-[Aelita] Nice one, Odd. Just in time.
-[Odd through computer] Thank you.
That was just a taste of my talent.
-Einstein would be so--
-[grunts]
[Odd] That's funny,
I'd have sworn you were taller.
[growls]
[action music]
[screams and pants]
[growls]
Later 'gator.
[Yumi yells]
-[Odd groaning in fear]
-[grunts]
[chuckles nervously]
Look up there!
[groans]
It works most of the time.
[William] You're finished, Yumi.
[Yumi] We'll see about that.
[both grunting and panting]
[groaning]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Ulrich yells]
No!
[explosion]
[digital beeping]
[ethereal music]
-[electricity crackles]
-[Odd screams]
[beeping]
[ethereal music]
[digital whirring]
[Odd grunting]
Tower deactivated.
[grunting]
-[groans]
-[electricity crackles]
[theme music]
[Jeremy] What happened?
[sighs and grunts]
Aelita… The spectre…
[spluttering] Tower?
-Did you… Did you do it?
-Me?
I didn't do anything.
[birds chirping]
[Jeremy] I have to say that you guys
held your own in the end,
but you have to admit that I was right.
If XANA attacks Aelita or me now,
I know that you'll be able to take over.
So that means you trust us, huh?
Yeah… A bit.
Well, that's good news,
because the day after tomorrow,
I'll be gone all day.
I've got my dress rehearsal.
The Subdigitals chose me to be the opening
act for their concert.
Even though I walked out on them.
-That's fabulous, Aelita. Well done.
-[Ulrich] Yeah, that's great.
By the way Odd, how was Petals of Desire?
Oh, it was lame.
What's more, I even broke up with Camille.
I'm all over that romantic stuff.
You know, I'm more into action,
like the day of the swimming pool attack,
for instance.
[Yumi clears her throat]
Odd, don't talk about
the swimming pool, okay?
Hey, don't tell me you're never gonna
tell us what happened at the pool, huh?
-No.
-Well, it's simple really.
Let's see now… Do you remember
the attack in the gymnasium?
Odd, we told you never to bring up
the attack in the gym, right?
Why? What happened in the gym?
-Oh, nothing really…
-Nothing at all.
[theme music]